# ZeroContradictions.net
<!-- **ZeroContradictions/ZeroContradictions.net** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile. -->

Hello and welcome to my philosophy website. My name is Zero Contradictions, and this place is a hybrid between a blog for my own writings (highlighted in red) and a compendium of external links to works by different authors that have influenced my own philosophy and/or are worth reading (highlighted in blue) as well as links to videos, channels, or audio recordings (highlighted in green). If you click one of the links in the navigation bar, then the page will scroll down to that section, which will be in one of the three columns. As per its name, the goal of this website is to create the most rational philosophy ever with Zero Contradictions, or to at least do my best at that. In a single sentence, my philosophy is based on rationalism and understanding the implications of the subject-object dichotomy and applied evolutionary theory, among other things.

NOTE: Many of the red link posts written by myself could be expanded, but I'm publishing what I have already written for now for others to read if they'd like. Everything on this website is under copyright, unless specified otherwise. If you want to report any typos or broken links, to ask questions, to give constructive criticism, to suggest some links to add to this home page, or to make a donation, please reach out to me at my contact page. Whether this site displays in light or dark mode depends on your web browser preferences. 

Copyright 2022-2024 Zero Contradictions. All rights reserved.
